{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
{\f30\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f31\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f33\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f34\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f35\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f36\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f37\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 header;}{\s16\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Headerblockname;}{\s17\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Headerblockaddress;}{
\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\ul\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 Resumebodyheader;}{\s19\ql \li90\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin90\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Bodyunbulletedtext;}{\s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext20 Single column bullets;}{\s21\ql \fi-270\li1080\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx900\tx1080\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1080\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon20 \snext21 SngColBulInd1;}{
\s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon18 \snext22 Resumecenterbodyheader;}{\s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tx90\tx270\tx6300\tx6480\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext23 TwoColumnBulleted;}{\s24\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext24 footer;}{\*\cs25 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}{\s26\ql \fi-900\li900\ri0\widctlpar\tx720\tx900\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin900\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon20 \snext26 Single column bullets indent 1;}{\*\cs27 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\info{\title David T}{\author David Ashley}{\operator  David T. Ashley}
{\creatim\yr2002\mo4\dy3\hr13\min53}{\revtim\yr2005\mo2\dy6\hr15\min43}{\printim\yr2002\mo8\dy7\hr14\min12}{\version55}{\edmins165}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1219}{\nofchars6952}{\*\company NA}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8283}}\margt1584\margb1728 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow0
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\oldas \fet0\sectd \linex0\footery1008\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\footer \pard\plain \s24\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs16 Ashley, Page }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs25\fs16  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs25\fs16\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof 2}}}{\cs25\fs16 /}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs25\fs16  NUMPAGES }}{\fldrslt {
\cs25\fs16\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof 4}}}{\cs25\fs16 
\par $Id: resume.rtf,v 1.3 2005/02/06 20:39:36 dtashley Exp $}{
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s16\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {David T. Ashley
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {861 E. Michigan Ave., Apt. 126
\par Marshall, Michigan, 49068
\par (269) 781-0134
\par }{\field{\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "mailto:dashley@abi-consulting.com" }{{\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000001b00000064006100730068006c006500790040006100620069002d0063006f006e00730075006c00740069006e0067002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b440000006d00610069006c0074006f003a0064006100730068006c00
6500790040006100620069002d0063006f006e00730075006c00740069006e0067002e0063006f006d000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs27\ul\cf2 dashley@abi-consulting.com}}}{
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {OBJECTIVE
\par }\pard\plain \s19\ql \li90\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin90\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
Challenging position developing software and hardware for high-volume embedded systems; with a preference for safety-critical systems.
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS
\par }\pard\plain \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
10+ years experience developing the software components of embedded systems for consumer electronics and industrial automation equipment.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab M.S.E.E., B.S.E.E., and substantial additional training in computer science.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Research, publication, teaching, and training experience.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Original contributions to real-time analysis and number theory.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 10+ years experience with traditional low-cost microcontroller applications (8+ in the automotive industry), including:
\par }\pard\plain \s26\ql \fi-900\li900\ri0\widctlpar\tx720\tx900\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin900\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
Build/BOM/configuration/release management.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab All design methodologies (SASD, OOD, Booch-Rumbaugh, others).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab All paradigms of embedded software construction (synchronous loops, RTOSs, hybrids).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Languages and techniques common in embedded systems (C, C++, assembly-languages, mixed-language programming techniques).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Control of mechanical systems, including sensor fault tolerance, robustness criteria, liveness criteria, mechanical/digital state recovery.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Support of communication protocols and peripherals, including interrupt-driven communication and all common software defects and preventive actions.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Support of unreliable and noisy input interfaces (ignition switches, low-quality potentiometers, other unreliable sensors).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Fault detection and reporting in embedded software, including software strategies and diagnostic interfaces.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab ROM/RAM/CPU cycle reduction techniques.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Software debugging and fault isolation techniques.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Product testing techniques and software unit-testing techniques, including common paradigms (glass-box, black-box, Latin square techniques).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Emulators and debuggers.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab All memory technologies (EEPROM/FLASH/ROM/RAM).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab All watchdog technologies.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab All common software defect root causes and preventive actions (especially intermittent defects and defects caused by improper treatment of interrupts).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Sensor error analysis.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Calculation error analysis, and all methods of economical implementation.
\par  \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Real-time analysis (RMA and extensions, excitation and test strategies, hybrid system and timed automata approaches, and one published contribution to the field).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Product manufacturing, including end-of-line calibration, serial-numbering, and testing.
\par }\pard\plain \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
5+ years experience in the analysis and implementation of low-cost numerics for low-end processors, including fixed-point arithmetic, integration, differentiation, filters, rational approximation, multiplication, division, and mixed-language programming.

\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Experience developing tools for the PC platform, including Win32 API/GUI, data acquisition, and serial communication.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Knowledge of and experience with the SEI-CMM, including applying process in a SEI-CMM Level 3 organization.
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {EXPERIENCE
\par }\pard\plain \s20\ql \fi-274\li274\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin274\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b \tab Cequent Electrical Products, May, 2004-Present
\par }\pard \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 {\i \tab Embedded Software Engineer
\par }{\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Developed embedded software for trailer brake controllers (core functionality, diagnostics, CAN communication).
\par }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Developed and maintained *nix server applications to facilitate embedded software development (version control, web-based databases).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Prepared functional specifications using Matlab/Simulink/Stateflow.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Tested and evaluated braking algorithms in all climates and surface conditions.
\par }\pard \s20\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b 
\par }\pard \s20\ql \fi-274\li274\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin274\itap0 {\b \tab Autoliv Electronics America, July, 2003-April, 2004
\par }\pard \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 {\i \tab Software Engineer/Product Design Engineer
\par }{\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Developed software components for airbag modules (automatic crash recording, event data recording, numerical algorithms) utilizing the NEC V850, OSEK/VDX and GMLAN.

\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Performed and assisted with software unit testing, product testing, design reviews, and code reviews.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Implemented low-level processor-dependent functionality (memory moves and copies, linear scaling).
\par }\pard \s20\ql \fi-274\li274\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin274\itap0 {\b 
\par \tab Research and Ph.D. Studies (Wayne State University), 2000-2003
\par }\pard \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
Completed research and publications in microcontroller numerics, number theory, real-time analysis, and safety-critical embedded product build processes.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
Completed a research tool platform (Tcl/Tk-based) with extensions for safety-critical embedded system builds and number theory calculations used in microcontroller numerics.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Consulting for automotive embedded systems manufacturers in the area of economical numerical algorithms for low-cost microcontroller cores.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Network and server administration for world-wide electronic collaboration, including NAT, IPTABLES, SSH, qmail, CVS, ViewCVS, Apache, and Linux.
\par }\pard \s20\ql \fi-274\li274\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin274\itap0 {\b 
\par \tab Ford Motor Company/Visteon Corporation, 1992-2000
\par }\pard \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 {\i \tab Software Engineer/Product Design Engineer
\par }{\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Led approximately 10 microcontroller embedded software developments, including both prototypes (\'93yellowboards\'94) and production products.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Developed tools to support microcontroller software development, including microcontroller-based tools and PC-based tools.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Developed real-time software architectures (for minimum ROM/RAM, best real-time performance).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Maintained legacy code and documentation; and corrected defects.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Developed and analyzed I/O interface circuits for automotive modules (analyses both for accuracy and real-time impact on software design).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Performed real-time software analysis of several communication protocols, including SCP and CAN.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Tested products and software modules.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Led research endeavors resulting in publication (real-time analysis and rational approximation).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Analyzed software product defects, including real-time defects, language-related defects, and design defects.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Taught courses in real-time analysis and interrupt-related software defects.
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {EDUCATION
\par }\pard\plain \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
M.S.E.E., 1998, Wayne State University, Detroit, Michigan, G.P.A. 3.8/4.0}{\b\ul 
\par }{\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab B.S.E.E., 1991, Wayne State University, Detroit, Michigan, G.P.A. 3.78/4.00, substantial additional coursework in computer science and German.
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {PROGRAMMING AND SCRIPTING LANGUAGES
\par }\pard\plain \s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx6300\tx6480\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab C (10+ years)
\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab C++ (1 year)
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Java (working knowledge, including applets)\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Tcl/Tk (1 year)
\par }\pard\plain \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Assem
bly-Languages:  80x86, TMS-370C8, 68HC05, 68HC08, 68HC11, 68HC12 (10+ years)
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT SUITES/IDEs
\par }\pard\plain \s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx6300\tx6480\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
Microsoft Visual Studio 6.0 (including Microsoft Visual C++ 6.0) (2 years).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab IAR IDE for the 68HC12 (1 year).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Texas Instruments development tools (compilers, assemblers, linkers) for TI microcontrollers.
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {MICROCONTROLLERS AND CPU CORES
\par }\pard\plain \s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx6300\tx6480\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab TMS-370C8\tab }
{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 68HC11
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 68HC12\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 8085/Z80
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 80x86\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab M68300
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {COMMUNICATION PROTOCOLS
\par }\pard\plain \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
SCP (including all aspects of collision detection and arbitration, error detection, software support, and software real-time analysis).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab CAN (including all aspects of collision detection and arbitration, error detection, software support, and software real-time analysis).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
UART-based protocols (RS-485, UBP, ACP, ordinary serial communication) including all aspects of collision detection and arbitration, error detection, software support, UART support, PIC support, and software real-time analysis).
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {SOFTWARE DESIGN AIDS
\par }\pard\plain \s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx6300\tx6480\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Cadre Teamwork
\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Micrografx Designer
\par }\pard\plain \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab ABC Flowcharter

\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {VERSION CONTROL TOOLS
\par }\pard\plain \s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx6300\tx6480\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab I
ntersolv PVCS (5+ years)\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Microsoft Visual Source
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab CVS (2+ years)\tab \tab Safe (2 years)
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {OFFICE TOOLS
\par }\pard\plain \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
Microsoft Word, Excel, Project, and Access; including Visual Basic automation capabilities.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Microsoft Front Page.
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {SOURCE CODE INSPECTION/QUALITY ASSURANCE TOOLS
\par }\pard\plain \s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx6300\tx6480\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab QAC\tab }{
{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab PC-LINT
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {RESEARCH SOFTWARE, UNCOMMON SOFTWARE
\par }\pard\plain \s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx6300\tx6480\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab TeX, LaTeX\tab 
}{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab UPPAAL
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {SERVER SOFTWARE
\par }\pard\plain \s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx6300\tx6480\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
Unix/Linux server administration.\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Firewall/Router
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab SAMBA administration.\tab \tab administration.
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab CVS, ViewCVS administration.\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Mail server
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab HTTP server administration (}{\i Apache}{).\tab \tab administration (}{\i qmail}{).
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab FTP server administration.\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab CGI-BIN application
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab NNTP server administration (}{\i INN}{).\tab \tab development.\tab 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {OTHER SKILLS
\par }\pard\plain \s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx6300\tx6480\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Fluent German
\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab Win32 API software
\par \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab HTML\tab \tab development.
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qc \li0\ri0\sb240\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {PUBLICATIONS
\par }\pard\plain \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab }{\b Articles}{

\par }\pard\plain \s21\ql \fi-270\li1080\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx900\tx1080\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1080\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
\'93}{\i On Best Rational Approximations}{\'94
\par }\pard\plain \s20\ql \fi-270\li270\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin270\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab }{\b Books}{

\par }\pard\plain \s21\ql \fi-270\li1080\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\tx900\tx1080\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1080\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\tab 
\'93}{\i A Practitioner\rquote s Guide To The Design And Development Of Small Microcontroller Software}{\'94 (work in progress).
\par }\pard\plain \s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx90\tx270\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }}